 /Users/bmcmanus/Documents/coverage_pulled_apart/teacher-absence-tracking/venv/bin/python app/download_report.py

🚀 Project Summary: Automating Daily Report Download & Google Sheets Integration
🔹 Project Goal
We are automating the process of downloading the Frontline Education Daily Absence Report and converting it into a structured Google Sheets document. The goal is to:

Log in to Frontline Education automatically using a Chromedriver-powered Selenium script.
Navigate to the Absence Management section and access the Daily Absence Report page.
Select today’s date, generate the PDF report, and download it automatically to a specified directory.
Convert the PDF report into structured data.
Upload the extracted data into a Google Sheet for easy access and analysis.
✅ Work Completed So Far
🔹 1. Setting Up Selenium with Chromedriver
Installed chromedriver-autoinstaller to ensure that the latest ChromeDriver is always used.
Configured Selenium WebDriver to automate Chrome.
Set Chrome options to:
Avoid bot detection ("--disable-blink-features=AutomationControlled")
Disable pop-ups and prompts
Download files automatically to a pre-defined directory.
🔹 2. Securely Handling Login Credentials
Stored username and password as environment variables (FRONTLINE_USERNAME and FRONTLINE_PASSWORD).
Verified that environment variables load correctly before attempting login.
Located username & password input fields using By.ID (Username, Password).
Entered credentials into the login form using Selenium.
Clicked the "Sign in with Frontline ID" button to submit the form.
🔹 3. Navigating the Frontline Education UI
Successfully logged in to Frontline Education.
Detected post-login redirection to an application selection page.
Attempted to click on "Absence Management" to proceed to the Daily Report section.
🔧 Issues Encountered & Fixes
✅ Fixed
Login Credentials Not Inserting

Used explicit waits (WebDriverWait) to ensure elements were available before interacting.
Used correct element selectors for username, password, and login button.
Redirection to Application Selection Page

Instead of directly reaching the Daily Report page, we land on an application selection page.
Identified the correct element ("Absence Management") but needed to adjust XPath.
Incorrect Element Selection for "Absence Management"

The script initially failed to click because the text was inside a <span>.
Fixed by updating XPath to //span[contains(text(), 'Absence Management')].
🛠 Work Still To Be Done
🔹 1. Ensure "Absence Management" Click Works
✅ Fix is in place, but needs testing.
👉 Test if the script successfully clicks "Absence Management" and proceeds to the Daily Report page.

🔹 2. Automate Selecting Today’s Date
✅ The script currently attempts to select today’s date.
🚨 Issue: The date picker may not be receiving input properly.
👉 Test and refine date selection to ensure that today's date is inputted correctly.

🔹 3. Ensure the "Print" Button Clicks Successfully
✅ The script waits for and clicks "Print", but needs confirmation that it:

Triggers the PDF generation
Waits long enough for the file to generate 👉 Test and refine this step if necessary.
🔹 4. Confirm File Download Completion
✅ The script currently:

Waits for the file to appear in the download folder.
Checks if the correct file exists. 🚨 Issue: We need to make sure the correct file name is used (file_name = "your_report_file_name.pdf").
👉 Confirm that the filename matches the downloaded report and modify as needed.
🔹 5. Convert PDF to Google Sheets
🚨 Next Big Step:

Extract the required data from the PDF (once successfully downloaded).
Convert the extracted data into a structured format (CSV or DataFrame).
Upload to a Google Sheet using Google Sheets API.
🚀 Next Steps (Immediate)
Test clicking "Absence Management" → Verify that we reach the Daily Report page.
Fix date selection if needed → Ensure today’s date is correctly entered.
Confirm "Print" button clicks and triggers PDF download.
Validate that the correct report downloads successfully.